This is my email address email address if any of you need to you know, have any questions and anytime at least through January, everything is going to be online, including the office hours.
You know I reserve, this time, just after class for, for you know if you guys want to stay longer on this zoom call and ask questions, otherwise just send me an email, and you can schedule something off of this hours, and we have four wonderful days.
Wednesday and join in particular actually want to become professors of their their graduate so for this course we're going to give them an option of actually.
These are all the information that you guys already have class website it's actually encore quiz the link, but you know, just in case here is the link to the website or material like lectures so pdfs tutorial.
Material everything is going to be put on this webpage so just keep that in opening one window and we're going to use Corporal corpus for all the announcements and any discussions of questions that you guys may have.
And you know if we're going to talk about any particular paper is or any cool code, you know we're going to pose it online.
If you find some really nice links and the that you want all your class classmates to know about just pose them on quirkiness you know, this is a very empirical field and it's developing fast so let's share any nice materials you guys may found.
um, what do you need to know to kind of succeed in this class right, so I really recommend you know this for.
All the other things are you know, very important that may be a little bit less critical critical than the Nigerian i'm programming like I said computer vision is a field where you actually do Program.
And you just very simple to use so most of the stuff in this course is going to kind of assume that you know Python and examples are going to be given in Python.
um you know if you know machine learning or neural nets in particular that supplies we're not going to assume you know that.
This is not a requirement but we're going to actually devote at least one of the lectures to kind of have you up to speed, at least the basics in your works actually judy's gonna talk about that later in this course.
What our assignments So these are you know it's gonna be a mix of short theoretical questions, but mainly programming exercises are going to allow you understand the course
Okay, you will be given roughly this assignments, are going to be given roughly every two weeks with maybe like.
February, been exceptions, because there's reading week and we're going to start, I think the first assignment is going to be in about two weeks, maybe a little bit later.
And you know you can take our project as a bigger assignment where you're going to be able to put all the knowledge that you acquire in this course into know, maybe programming something a little bit bigger and see maybe some more interesting results in action.
For the project you're going to need to hand in a report and there's going to be an oral presentation and during our presentation i'm also going to check up a little bit on your knowledge for from class.
You know, someone that you want to work with and potentially work in pairs we won't allow more than two people to work on the project, but you can also work on it individually it's up to you.
Maybe two weeks after the class is over and you're going to present to me, and maybe a ta is going to be in the call
And kind of roughly when they're going to be due why I say roughly is because you know, given how much questions you guys have or any kind of unexpected.
Development you know, this might be pushed by a few days backward I like push it forward, but maybe backwards, just in case we were running behind in terms of the material Okay, but this is roughly the dates we're gonna follow.
Because assignments, are going to build on top of each other so when you're going to be creating an assignment, you know, for you might want to reuse your code from assignment to.
So it's actually important to write all your code all your assignments in one programming language don't use something in matlab or something as important, because you're gonna be you're gonna have a hard time reusing that code later on.
i'm that lane right lateness show we're going to be, you know relatively nice here so everyone is going to be given three free late days.
Right, meaning that there's going to be a deadline on some day is going to be midnight and as soon as you're like one minute later 24 hours late that's going to be one day penalty
Free ladies, meaning that you know if you are not feeling well or maybe you have other courses you're dealing with you know, I understand that I was a student myself so.
You know, three free days seems fair anything beyond that means that that assignment is not going to be it's going to be as euro we're not gonna take it.
Okay, now we live in hard times during the pandemic, so I understand that people may may get sick or whatever, so if that happens, let me know and we can we can discuss on on maybe extending this.
I think everyone should know for computer vision, since we don't assume that you guys know machine learning, we cannot really talk about very deep.
it's gonna happen, but maybe not all of you needed, so the tutorials gonna cover Python so basics of Python especially kind of the basic operations, you need to know for working with images.
So if you know that no need to come today, if you want to kind of brush on to that, then yesterday's going to be a short tutorial on on that.
so maybe we can get started and we're going to spend the first hour i'm just going to try to motivate computer vision, why is it such an cool fuel.
Okay, so we're gonna try to address a couple of different questions you know what is computer vision, how do we even define it.
Okay, so the kind of the basic definition of what we're trying to accomplish here is, you know, we want to develop automatic algorithms right that would see.
What does that mean right we're going to assume that you have some robot it is equipped with some sensors or maybe there is not even in the robot maybe just some sensors and you're sick.
Your algorithms sitting in capturing data that comes from that sensor right that sounds are being cameras, or you know connect or you know lighter sensors right and your algorithms going to try to make.
A trailer went right to see right right understand what the world is like from those images or videos from that capture data you're receiving okay
now you know we're going to try to define a little bit better what it means to see.
that, if we want to have a robot that's going to eventually go around in our House and clean and maybe you know do other things like.
You know, serve your coffee or coke or something like that right
Okay, so the goal is going to be, we have cameras on this guy over here is going to move around, is going to capture.
So what exactly does it mean to see right imagine that they have to have taken a picture like this, like what does it mean to see what what do we even need to accomplish or here.
Here it does exactly what kind of shape it has right because i'm going to place my hand correctly on that shape.
And I want to, maybe even understand what kind of material properties right is a squishy or is it hard, is it plastic because i'm going to interact with this object in different ways if it has different materials.
You know, so we also need to infer this kind of properties from from images or maybe a sequence of images okay
Likewise, I need to understand that the SOFA is actually flat because maybe you want to sit on it right
Also planning, you know how i'm going to navigate to a particular point given to understand where things are and also control how i'm actually going to actually we're going to you know press gas and rotate the wheel.
But we're not going to talk about that in class maybe maybe just got the perception right now in terms of perception, what do I actually need to understand on that car.
Right, yes, we need to know exactly which objects, are there in the scene exactly where they are whether something is two or five meters away from me for me.
Maybe it's less important about exact material properties, but important their shape right, for example, is not just important to know that there is a car what
And some people pitch that, as you can answer any question about image right, what does this mean if you have images, you know people asked.
Humans to just assess various questions about his images questions that a human would easily understand and questions that are important to you know, maybe create do certain tasks like.
And then there is also more high level questions you know, can you make a pizza in this room, what does this mean right, we need to have at least an hour one or something like that, so that actually require some reasoning.
Okay, so imagine if you need to design an algorithm is going to answer these questions right, you can imagine that this is actually really hard.
Alright, so maybe we can talk about you know why should we even start the computer vision, what are the really cool things we can do with it once we we master it.
Right, so one, one thing is, you know, maybe you want to have your robot do stuff for you like this is what I mentioned already before tried to play this video
Okay, so when I was a student, you know this kind of Ai robot and it's kind of always inspired me to actually study computer vision, I thought it would be really cool.
To control, you know tracks to control cars that's trillions of dollars right, so you have so many competitive companies right now trying to get to that point.
But you can maybe use, you know computer vision for his attack that or maybe when you just market and remove it so maybe make it look like it was a normal day in the city.
You know you're going to say that you want to have a different sky, so you can actually mark the sky over here and replace it with you know, a different kind of sky right so image manipulation is one really nice application computer vision as well.
Brian you saying you know you do, you understand those reflections the shadows, so you don't know what has learned something about how these images are formed which is pretty great architects designers people making virtual worlds, to train robots and self driving cars.
Okay, so what I can do, I can give my neural network here in just a picture of you know, some some picture of an artist that I like like here would be painting of one go.
neural style and shot a movie and completely style is, and will read this Ai technology to look like more scary and so actually this technology is being used by you know really users real artists already she's awesome.
and we're going to do that, for one of the assignments in class you guys are going to be pasting some texts like this onto images.
Okay now these guys spend six years annotating each individual hair all right, maybe the future of this is making it a lot more automatic maybe we don't need so much Labor leader is to train successful machine learning algorithms to do exactly that that could be your syrup.
And it's going to produce a face and it's going to look like it's a real face.
Data here that you were only showing faces, of course, it also works and other types of objects for cars bedrooms you know it's kind of up to you on what kind of imagery you train it on
With language or we just modifying you know I can draw different iowa here is going to produce a nice image so it's a really powerful technology.
and other stuff that is super cool to do, maybe you want to capture images okay when take an image and actually write in language, what do you see in the image.
Right, so you maybe want to have a camera and algorithm is going to narrate you know, be careful, this is, you know, this is what on the road so that's one use case the other use cases retrieval right like what Google is doing.
But maybe even better right maybe you want to write a sentence and you want to retrieve relevant image right.
But it's quite incredible what they've done is they, they basically crawl the web, for I don't know hundred 200 million images and text right, because when you guys posting what pages are posting.
All right, anything like this really complicated images which are called composited rubber baby daikon radish even know what that means is walking a dog it kind of looks good.
