Wednesday and join in particular actually want to become professors of their their graduate so for this course we're going to give them an option of actually.
And you know if we're going to talk about any particular paper is or any cool code, you know we're going to pose it online.
um, what do you need to know to kind of succeed in this class right, so I really recommend you know this for.
um you know if you know machine learning or neural nets in particular that supplies we're not going to assume you know that.
What our assignments So these are you know it's gonna be a mix of short theoretical questions, but mainly programming exercises are going to allow you understand the course
Okay, you will be given roughly this assignments, are going to be given roughly every two weeks with maybe like.
Maybe two weeks after the class is over and you're going to present to me, and maybe a ta is going to be in the call
i'm that lane right lateness show we're going to be, you know relatively nice here so everyone is going to be given three free late days.
I think everyone should know for computer vision, since we don't assume that you guys know machine learning, we cannot really talk about very deep.
Okay, so we're gonna try to address a couple of different questions you know what is computer vision, how do we even define it.
Okay, so the kind of the basic definition of what we're trying to accomplish here is, you know, we want to develop automatic algorithms right that would see.
A trailer went right to see right right understand what the world is like from those images or videos from that capture data you're receiving okay
now you know we're going to try to define a little bit better what it means to see.
that, if we want to have a robot that's going to eventually go around in our House and clean and maybe you know do other things like.
You know, serve your coffee or coke or something like that right
Okay, so the goal is going to be, we have cameras on this guy over here is going to move around, is going to capture.
Here it does exactly what kind of shape it has right because i'm going to place my hand correctly on that shape.
You know, so we also need to infer this kind of properties from from images or maybe a sequence of images okay
Likewise, I need to understand that the SOFA is actually flat because maybe you want to sit on it right
Maybe it's less important about exact material properties, but important their shape right, for example, is not just important to know that there is a car what
And some people pitch that, as you can answer any question about image right, what does this mean if you have images, you know people asked.
Okay, so imagine if you need to design an algorithm is going to answer these questions right, you can imagine that this is actually really hard.
To control, you know tracks to control cars that's trillions of dollars right, so you have so many competitive companies right now trying to get to that point.
and we're going to do that, for one of the assignments in class you guys are going to be pasting some texts like this onto images.
And it's going to produce a face and it's going to look like it's a real face.
With language or we just modifying you know I can draw different iowa here is going to produce a nice image so it's a really powerful technology.
But maybe even better right maybe you want to write a sentence and you want to retrieve relevant image right.
